ladies and gentlemen could I please have
your attention
I've just been handed an urgent and
horrifying news story we are to start go
ahead drink it in don't be shy there is
plain simple I mean I wake up with more
knife it's excellent it's easy not hard
said it's easy that is poop smells like
Sandra wood and very important
but now the forbidden fruit must be
tasted I think it worked for me we broke
up you just took in the jugular man
definitely feeling a little freaked out
about the fact that I'm gonna have sex
with only one person for the rest of my
life listen can I start over again I
made up a new dance move it's called the
move on with your life
swirl number one again
no you relax
super pencil baking do with God put Ron
Burgundy on this review at salon-quality
hair boy that escalated quickly I mean
that really got out of hand fast